# Pick your battles

Sometimes, you have to pick your battles. If you fight for everything, it's not gonna help, also it creates an impression that you fight about everything. Surely some things are of less importance than others, sometimes some things are silly and shouldn't bother you at all. Like, you shouldn't bother wasting too much time on something that has very little impact for you. Make sure your battle for X is proportionate to X's impact. Something similar applies for, pick your genuine opinions for important things, when it comes to coming to consensus. 

For example, let's say you need to pick a team name for your team, which is going to enter some competition. Now, for many, team names might be very important. I get it, it's good to have fancy names, show off etc and be cool about it. Now, people ask around what name to keep. If each says one name and each vote for themselves and no one else, no name gets decided. And then people slowly vote for other names too (each person multiple votes or single vote) and finally there's democracy, you would realize that a lot of time would have been spent for this. If it was me, I would rather just checkout the names people say and wouldn't think too much on it and just do group thinking and just vote for one and make sure I don't spend too much time on the name. May be it might have changed a bit if people are picking names for an entire office for a new branch. Or something like that, that has longer term and bigger impact. Not just names. What's in a name :p except in marketing and stuff :p

So yeah, pick your battles. Pick your opinions. If you give too much opinions everywhere, make sure which opinions you give priority and stress more on. Other opinions, you can either not say or say you just had the thought, but no stressing on it doesn't make sense, then just talk about what matters, the more priority ones, stress on it and make sure you are heard so that you can convince folks. But if you do it for everything, it's hard to be heard. Especially if you are a critique, criticizing everything may come as being a negative person, even if the intention is keep improving stuff, so it's better to make sure to talk less and convey more. 

Remember, there's already too many opinions in this world. To make it a better place, you need to be mindful of how to throw in your opinions to make impact or not throw in your opinions when there's enough that's causing confusions and not helping to reach consensus etc, where you need to bring clarity with your thoughts and opinions instead of additing to the chaos.

Also, one more thing to note is, the more number of people in a room, more the number of opinions. More possible confusions, and more time taken to reach consensus. No wonder I have noticed that when I try to plan stuff, like outing, with many people, each has their own opinions, preferences for lots of stuff and it gets harder to please everyone, by reaching at a consensus on how to plan it to please everyone. So yeah, keep that example in mind when you are collaborating with many people. 
